sclang-orgmode-prelude
======================

Personal folder for emacs-prelude package: setup of sclang, auto-load of packages in prelude folder (+later: dynsite orgmode-html publishing extension)

## Downloading:

Since packages are added to git as submodules, if you clone this code here, you should do it with this command:

git clone --recursive https://github.com/iani/sclang-orgmode-prelude.git

This will make sure that you also get the submodule packages from other github repositories.

## To use:

- Download and install emacs-prelude. See instructions here: http://batsov.com/prelude/

- The present configuration requires that the prelude package be placed in folder named .emacs.d exactly as described in http://batsov.com/prelude/

- Copy the contents of the present repository inside folder `personal` of `.emacs.d`

- Start Emacs.

## Contents:

- `init.el` :: Evaluates package files in folder packages, then loads files in folder custom,
  thus making sure that packages are available to custom code.

- `custom.el` :: Personal customization stuff that has made its way into the repository.
  This file is generated by Emacs, and is sometimes manually edited by me. 

Folders packages and custom have accumulated over time. Main points:

- dynsite :: Own scheme for extending radically simplifying the org-publish project definition.
- sclang stuff :: Configure Emacs for running SuperCollider.
  Also add shortcuts for executing snippets of code in an sclang workspace window.
- o-blog :: Very nice Bootstrap based website publishing scheme by Renard. 
- iani-dark :: Own color theme, just manoj-dark with all italics and oblique removed,
  because they interefere with display of unicode character sets in org-mode.

Several other packages which I like and use have been added.

## See also:

http://kieranhealy.org/resources/emacs-starter-kit.html

Iannis Zannos 14/10/2013
